Note; *Thanks to Lapin for pointing out the the file names needed to be changed so that they don't collide with other addons (though I don't think they would have anyways but I haven't used Lua in a while so -\シ/-

Known Bugs:

	1. Sometimes the team will not change (when a hobo to a citizen). Not sure why. (If you have canDemote = to false on some jobs, it means they cannot be demoted. This can cause the bug.) (This bug sometimes happens when the perp is restrained)
	
	2. The weapons a person has in their hands, will be auto picked up when they are "seized" (if the drop seize option is enabled).
	- I wanted to make an entity box for it, where all the weapons just go in the box and can be picked up by the perp afterwards (if it isn't destroyed), this includes stuff in the pocket too. I might do this in the future. I was just feeling lazy atm.

	3. Without the "PostGamemodeLoaded" in the server files and the timer.Simple in the client files, the includes won't actually load and run. It's annoying. I know.

	4. The arms sometimes mess up when being restrained and become funky, along with becomining unrestrained

	5. Some custom models will have their bones set differently. The cuffs won't show up on their bones.

Other Notes:

	1. I know I have a ton of the same hooks doing different stuff. I have it like that to be organized. I don't feel like tossing all the stuff into one hook and then going back and forth editing/scripting. This way, I have everything I need in one spot.

	2. You can lockpick people out of cuffs. Any weapon that can lockpick will be able to lockpick this.

	3. The cuffs automatically adjust based on the hitbox size of the persons forearms.

	4. The other buttons are clickable when a confirmation menu pops. Just don't click them :/

	5. Person has to be looking directly at the perp to open menu

	6. It's T+E by default to open the menu

	7. If a person escapes prison, have the cop restrain them and escort them back, or kill them. (There is no escaping jail function, though I may make that in the future.)

	8. Cops can't mess with other cops with this system (people in the same cop table won't be able to use it on each other)

	9. If a cop gets demoted while escorting, the person will be unrestrained as well as being unescorted. If the perp is just restrained, he/she will stay restrained.

	10. The script won't autorefresh because it runs in a hook. If you manage to fix the includes, then you won't need the hook which in turn means you won't need the hook that messes up the auto refresh

	11. Cops can open the menu and interact with perps which other cops are already interacting with/have an open menu (as long as they're not escorting). You don't want to have some dumb cop just afk with his menu open and prevent other cops from being able to do crap.

	12. Depending if this even lifts off the ground, I'll make documentation on all the functions for modding the script. If need be, I'll make hooks for all the functions that have some use being hooked

	13.I use a lot of NWBools and other NW's to set player varibles. I know I should just add them to the player object table, but that causes issues when the player dies, or disconnects.

	14. This addon should be optimized, I put it through FProfiler and fixed any functions (the worst being a function rewriting itself in another function) 
